the Federal Reserve went for it 50 basis
points or
0.5% shocking the markets looking at a
very different world in the next 6
months 12 months all because of what I'm
going to talk about today you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you I'm the money GPS been doing this
longer than just about anybody bringing
you the latest and greatest information
about the central banks about what's
happening in the markets who stands to
gain from what we've seen which stocks
which companies are poised to benefit
here other than the obvious leather
jacket man Nvidia we're going to look at
some others I want to give you the
information you need to know and not the
stuff you don't I'm not here to tell you
what I think you should do I'm here to
give you the raw data so that you know
make the best decisions for yourself how
does that sound if you're appreciated it
all you got to do is hit that thumbs up
button look at this the best performing
asset since the Fed rate cut all right
what has it been Bitcoin instantly had
gone up we're going to look at cryptos a
little bit later on you could see the
SNP is up um everything has been
basically doing well over the last
little while it's been a short period
but I just want to show you this I just
want to give you a little bit of insight
as to what's going on yes there's this
idea that we have devaluation of the
currency and that is underlying all of
this now in this chart it's just talking
about the US versus developed markets um
and certainly we have seen the US
overwhelmingly overwhelmingly
outperforming everywhere I mean you look
at China it's been very clear even with
how big and powerful and dominant a lot
of these firms in China are still to
this day it doesn't necessarily
translate into stock performance you
look at Europe what do you have two
stocks that are left over there
obviously there's no way that they can
compete with the big boys the tech firms
in the United States which have gained
all the attention and they're like a
magnet sucking wealth towards it every
investment fund and of course along with
the past passive income funds like the
you know broad index funds these things
are gobbling up these big tech companies
like we have never seen before right and
so the US has been the biggest
beneficiary at the same time we are also
seeing what are we also seeing is
that um a lot of this has been like the
money has been flowing from the middle
class into the hands of the few that's
an important point this is the money
market fund assets peaked around 9
months after the first cut in the past
five Cycles I'll show you this and I'll
show you one more what happens after
they begin to cut that's what we'll talk
about here today if you stick with me if
you hit that thumbs up you're going to
support the channel and let others know
that this is the real deal stuff this is
important and it's not the only thing
but understand what happened in the
previous times that's the first thing
but also understand the context because
without that context you're not going to
understand this is I don't want to say
this time is different but we have to
know that we're not cutting in response
to a crisis at least that's what they
say right it's not as if unemployment
rate is skyrocketing the stock market is
crashing we just did lockdowns now now
we got to cut interest rates they are
cutting interest rates at this point and
they're saying that inflation their
their measure of inflation is coming
down and down and down we have to cut so
if we go based on that
story then we can't compare it to other
times keep that in
mind sell the First Rate cut that's what
Bank of America says returns in the 3
and six months follow following the
First Fed rate cut so this compares the
different
scenarios soft landing hard Landing
crash or credit event you decide what
you think it will be and that is then
going to be the you know determining
factor for what you do here you can see
in the case of the hard Landing scenario
you go out and hey it's not too good
right doesn't look too good in those
three and six month time frames for a
lot of these other things however
1981 or 1989 I should say it was
positive 3 months out 6 months out what
do you compare this to though what time
is it similar to or is it none of the
above if there is a crash or credit
event 1987 1998 3 months out 6 months
out the stock market is up but after 12
months after 18 months in most
cases most cases when they're cutting
they're going to pump cash in there and
especially in the LA in the recent past
they're able to get that stock market
Juiced up okay because it's an addict
and it runs off of only one thing and
that is whatever the FED whatever kind
of drugs the FED is given out
Commodities top performers during 73 74
fed hikes and um you're just seeing that
cross asset and Equity sector annualized
total return
7374 gold performed there
Commodities copper and then they have
inflation showing us where that was
during this time so it all depends where
is inflation going to be is it going to
stay elevated they're saying it's going
down 7576 asset rally spur by the FED
cutting from 9% to 4% significant cut
right doesn't have to be at 0% it has to
be uh you know a delta or or a change
right how large is that you can see the
small caps value growth and so on so you
can pause this you can you can look at
the sources in the description to
basically determine what you think the
previous was like and what this time
will be we don't know nobody
all those I don't know do they even
still have Financial YouTubers they
probably do but what are they saying
right
um here we have it Bitcoin at the time
of this recording is approaching getting
closer to 655,000
and I believe that when you devalue the
currency you could see things like
Bitcoin going higher now ai has taken
the stage and Bitcoin is suddenly not
cool anymore uh or less cool because
money has been flowing into all those
high flying stocks such as AI Ah that's
right quono who stands the gain well
here we have it when we look at AI what
is it it's a whole bunch of servers it's
these data centers and what goes into
that look leather jackets that's one
thing but you know the leather jacket
man he is a part of it Nvidia is the one
that has seen tremendous growth over the
last while and also we could say and
suggest that maybe leather jackets will
be in style now because if leather
jacket man is wearing it maybe others
will Steve Jobs did the mock turtleneck
people tried to you know copy him so
maybe that's the next Trend okay leather
jackets okay look at this seriously um
this is a uh diagram basically just
showing all the different things that go
into a data centers not just Nvidia
chips cooling towers UPS chillers switch
gear generator so on and so forth what
have all the big tech companies been
announcing recently Oracle and uh Google
and
Microsoft having their own nuclear power
power plants to power
these I mean it's unbel these data
centers which are massive right they
have so much data they use so much
energy and of course they're going to be
replacing all the jobs so they need this
and they're going to be doing it all on
their own they're not going to rely on
the grid they're going to be dealing
this themselves and so these are the
different parts of it and then you could
break it down even further estimated
data center networking equip market
share Cisco is the largest vendor so if
you're building a portfolio around AI
most people are just like okay Nvidia
that's it that's my AI portfolio no
there are so many different ways to play
this in this case here you're seeing
some of the names Cisco being the top
Arista networks uh next Huawei and so on
okay so you could see that for yourself
and this is the estimated data center
chiller market share jci is the market
leader Johnson
Controls um you look at others in here a
carrier train you probably recognize
those if you're you know know your HVAC
stuff but those are something that like
people don't think about that they're
thinking about leather jackets they're
not thinking about all of the other
components that make up a Data Center
and a lot of them could do very well
you're not looking for the highest
performers not looking like where am I
going to take this $1 and I'm going to
make a million out of it that shouldn't
be the you know what you're trying to do
you're trying to gain ride the wave ride
the wave up but also not lose money you
don't want to lose money that's the
number one rule right I think it's
important that you take everything take
all this information and do what you can
learn about it um and you know just try
to establish where we are in the
cycle are we going into a deeper session
because that will throw a monkey wrench
into all of this keep that in mind okay
that's really important I talk about
this extensively every single Friday the
finance Friday crew gets a
2our
2our um I don't want to call it a
lecture but we just get into every part
of the detail it's a small group Zoom
class that we do each and every Friday
then I record that and for those who are
different time zones or whatever they
they can watch the recordings but you
got to understand
how deep this stuff goes I can't just
show you some stuff in a YouTube video
and you're going to learn it oh let give
me the ticker bro it doesn't work like
that if you really want to be a good
investor you've got to know this stuff
deep real deep we do that on Friday if
you're interested in joining the finance
Friday crew I really want to say um
welcome come on in there's a link at the
top of this description where you can
get that check it out learn some more
information about it that link at the
top of the description and if you want
to reach out to me you can always do
that I'll see you on the next one take
care